{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green49\blue64;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\csgray\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Introduction:\

\f1\b0 This document provides a technical summary of the Marketing Instance Account Structure in a new Salesforce instance. The structure includes Parent Advertising Account, Parent Advertising Opportunity, Child Ad Opportunity, and Amazon Locker/Counter Child Account, and their associated statuses and fields. The design is based on most user actions occurring on the Parent Advertising Account and/or Parent Advertising Opportunity.\

\f0\b Parent Advertising Account:\

\f1\b0 The Parent Advertising Account represents an advertising partner who wants to place advertisements on Amazon Lockers. It has no Child Accounts and is associated with a Parent Advertising Opportunity. Most user actions occur on the Parent Advertising Account, including adding new Parent Advertising Opportunities, editing or updating existing ones, and creating new Child Ad Opportunities.\

\f0\b Parent Advertising Opportunity:\

\f1\b0 The Parent Advertising Opportunity is associated with the Parent Advertising Account and has the following statuses: Pursue, Negotiation, Approval, Live, Closed Won, and Closed Lost. Users can perform various actions on Parent Advertising Opportunities, such as updating the status, adding Child Ad Opportunities, and editing details such as Campaign Start Date, Campaign End Date, and Payment Amount.\

\f0\b Child Ad Opportunity:\

\f1\b0 The Child Ad Opportunity is associated with the Amazon Locker/Counter Child Account and represents the location where an advertisement will be placed. Users can create new Child Ad Opportunities, update their status, and edit fields such as Ad Start date, Ad End date, and Ad Payment.\

\f0\b Amazon Locker/Counter Child Account:\

\f1\b0 The Amazon Locker/Counter Child Account is associated with the Child Ad Opportunity and represents the location where an advertisement will be placed. Users can add new Amazon Locker/Counter Child Accounts, edit their details, and associate them with Child Ad Opportunities.\

\f0\b Reports:\

\f1\b0 Reports templates of 'upcoming locations' and 'upcoming removals' have been built for advertising vendors. These reports are designed to provide vendors with information on upcoming ad locations and removals to help them plan their operations accordingly.\

\f0\b Custom Dashboard:\

\f1\b0 A custom dashboard has been created to track the following at a user level and a team level:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Accounts: The dashboard provides an overview of all Parent Advertising Accounts, their associated Parent Advertising Opportunities, and Child Ad Opportunities. It includes metrics such as the number of opportunities by status, the total payment amount, and the total net revenue.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Opportunities: The dashboard provides a detailed view of each Parent Advertising Opportunity, including its status, associated Child Ad Opportunities, and payment details.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Locations: The dashboard provides a view of all Amazon Locker/Counter Child Accounts, their associated Child Ad Opportunities, and their status.}