{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16620\viewh24960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Good Morning Team,\
\
\
Below are the features and functionality we are going to test this morning. The goal is for you to be able to make it through the entire email on your own (if you are unable to, its my fault not yours). \
\
Here are a few helpful hints to keep in mind along the way:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}The \'91Home\'92 button is your friend - the instance was set up so you can navigate to anything you need directly from the \'91home\'92 screen.\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}You will not break anything - this isn\'92t the \'91live\'92 salesforce environment, so you don\'92t need to worry about \'91breaking\'92 anything\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
Ok Lets get started:\
On the \'91Home\'92 screen, under the \'91Main\'92 section (page in guide), you\'92ll see 4 collapsable tabs. Select the arrow next to the \'91Today\'92 section to expand it.\
\
Once expanded you\'92ll notice a section titled \'91Today\'92s Tasks\'92. All of your tasks for today\'92s testing are listed here. The instructions for each task are listed inside the task record (and below). After completing a task, make sure to go back to the task and mark it \'91complete\'92 (reminder: after completing the test action, the \'91home\'92 button is your friend if you need help getting back to the task record)\
\
\
Task 1\
Create a \'93Hello World\'94 Chatter post\
1. on the home screen you will see a \'91chatter\'92 block on the right hand side\
2. click into the box that says \'91share an update\'92 and type \'91Hello World #Marketing\'92\
\
Task 2\
Creating an account\
find the 'Account' header in the tab bar\
click the 'down' arrow\
select 'New Account'\
Enter as many fields as you would like but skip past the \'91contact\'92 field\
Click save\
Mark the task \'91complete\'92\
\
Task 3\
Ok, now that we\'92ve got that set up, lets create a contact at our new Account\
Create a contact\
Enter the name and email\
under \'91Account\'92, the account you just created should pop-up. if not, just start typing and it should appear\
click save\
\
\
Task 4\
Lets add a meeting associated with the contact created above. Why not just do this in Outlook? You certainly should, but i would recommend doing it in Salesforce as well. By adding events in Salesforce, you are able to report out on them and use them in analytics.\
Create an Event\
Schedule an \'93Event\'94 with the contact you just created\
select \'93Call\'94 as type\
and pick an \'91initial due date\'92 of today\
\
Now, navigate back to the home page and check the \'91Today\'92 section. You should see your event listed under \'91Today\'92s Events\'92. \
\
Task 5\
So, lets pretend that you just had your call and there appears to be \'91interest\'92 in exploring possibilities with us. To capture this, lets create an Opportunity.\
Create an Opportunity \
Enter a name\
Enter an \'91estimated\'92 close date -the close date is when the books will be closed on this piece of business\
Set the stage to \'91Proposal\'92\
Click into the \'93Advertising Account\'92 field. If the account that you just created doesn\'92t appear, simply start typing\
for now, leave the all of the fields under \'91Commercials\'92 empty\
Click \'91Save\'92\
\
Task 6\
now set a task to follow up with legal about a contract\
Find the Advertising Opporutnity you created and open it. \
on the upper most portion of the right side panel, you\'92ll see an \'91activities\'92 box.\
click the calendar icon\
create a \'91meeting\'92 with the subject \'91discuss contract terms\'92\
sent a future date for that meeting within the next 7 days\
click save\
mark your task complete\
\
Task 7\
Now construct a list of locations for opportunity\
if you\'92re not on the home page, go there now. The uppermost portion of the right panel contains two tabs: Key Reports and Quick Links. Select \'91Quick Links\'92\
1. You\'92ll see \'91Marketing Base - US\'92 & \'91Marketing Base - EU\'92 listed. We wont be using those links today, but at \'91Launch\'92 these will be the links that will be used to cultivate a list of potential locations for \'91Wraps\'92\
2. Go back to the home page and navigate to \'91Today\'92s Tasks\'92\
3. in the \'91Create Deal\'92 task, you\'92ll see a hyper link, click that. this will take you to an Airtable view with records pre-populated for this test\
4. Export that list of records as a \'91csv\'92 file\
5. Navigate back to Saleforce and create a chatter post directed at \'93Matt Bryan\'94 with the attached csv file\
6. Mark your task complete\
\
Task 8\
ok, now your \'91prospective\'92 locations should be listed on your \'91home page\'92. lets go back to the Opportunity you created and enter the \'91commercials\'92 portion of the deal.\
once the opportunity is opened\
click \'91edit\'92\
scroll to the commercials group\
Gross Revenue - this is the amount that the \'91Advertising Account\'92 wants to spend with Amazon\
Total Production Cost - this is the estimated amount that it will cost to wrap the lockers\
Ad Spend - this is the amount that we will pay each location that has an ad placement\
click \'91save\'92 \
navigate back to the homepage and mark the task \'91complete\'92\
\
\
Check the \'91My Dashboard\'92 section of the main page. You should now see your opportunity information updated there.\
\
Task 9 \
Ok, now we\'92re going to move the Opportunity status forward, but we\'92re going to use a new functionality. on the home page, you\'92ll notice a section called \'91Opportunities\'92 under the main section. open that up. inside here is a \'91list view\'92 that should display your Opportunity. List views are a great way to quickly edit one or multiple records. Below the list view is a chart that shows the number of locations by stage. these locations represent Amazon Locker accounts associated with your opportunity. \
first, lets update the \'91campaign end date\'92 to some future date, then click \'91save\'92\
next, lets change the \'91stage\'92 to \'91negotiations\'92 and click \'91save\'92 \
once that saves, click the \'91refresh\'92 arrow on the chart below (its at the bottom and somewhat small -thanks Salesforce!).\
\
\
}